Chores before publishing (#54)
1Hive/time-lock-app: README.md

[![Crytic Status](https://crytic.io/api/repositories/bRQyzLe1Qm2ckDlBsGQKLQ/badge.svg?token=4d485d8b-e6c1-4a3b-9f8e-cb3133ee3c4f)](https://crytic.io/1Hive/lock-app)

1Hive's Time Lock app allows an Aragon organization to require users to lock tokens by sending them to the Time Lock app for a configurable period of time in order to forward an intent. For example the organization may require users to lock 100 tokens for 1 month before creating a new vote. The user would be able to come back in a month and claim their locked tokens.

#### 🐲 Project stage: development

The Time Lock app is still in development, a first implementation was published to `time-lock.open.aragonpm.eth`. If you are interested in contributing please see our open [issues](https://github.com/1hive/time-lock-app/issues).

#### 🚨 Security review status: pre-audit

The code in this repo has not been audited.

## How does it work

The Time Lock app is a [forwarder](https://hack.aragon.org/docs/forwarding-intro). By granting the Time Lock app a permission like `Create Votes` the user will be prompted and required to lock tokens before the user's intent can be forwarded.

> We do not protect the lock function with a role, so anyone is able to make locks and forward actions. We keep track of when locks are made and by whom so that users are only able to re-claim locks that they have made after the duration has elapsed.

Reviewer: This should be removed as we now check with an Oracle if someone can lock tokens:  `We do not protect the lock function with a role, so anyone is able to make locks and forward actions.`

We recommend (but do not require) that the lock function is set to an [ACL Oracle](https://hack.aragon.org/docs/acl_IACLOracle) set to the DAO's Token Manager. This is how permissions are set up in our [demo template](https://github.com/1Hive/time-lock-app/blob/master/contracts/examples/Template.sol#L122). This allows the Oracle to check if the `msg.sender` of a proposal has tokens in the DAO's Token Manager (and thus is a member of the DAO who's qualified to create proposals) before granting the `canForward()` functionality. This means that in order to submit a proposal one must lock tokens, and in order to lock tokens one must be a member of the DAO.

### Initialization

> The Time Lock app is initialized with a `_token`, `_lockDuration`, and `_lockAmount` parameters which determines the type of token that can be locked, how long locks are locked the amount of tokens to lock.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Time Lock app is initialized with a `_token`, `_lockDuration`, `_lockAmount` and `_spamPenaltyFactor` parameters which determines the token to be locked, how long tokens are locked, the amount of tokens to lock and a penalty percentage for spamming proposals.
```

### Template

> The Time Lock app is initialized with a `_lockDuration` of 1:30 minutes and a `_lockAmount` of 20 LKT tokens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Time Lock app is initialized with a `_lockDuration` of 1:30 minutes, a `_lockAmount` of 20 LKT tokens and a `_spamPenaltyFactor` of 100%.
```
